---
layout: page
title: "Issues"
category: Changes
date: 2015-08-27 09:23:56
order: 2
---


* Windows: the program may not run on Windows XP. In my testing, so2sdr ran
on one XP system but not another. So2sdr-bandmap ran on both systems. This
is related to differences in Microsoft DLL's which are not handled by
the mingw compiler.

* Windows: radio serial communications does not work with the virtual
serial ports of LP-Bridge (tested with LP-Bridge_09985 and hamlib-git
08/2015). This is because LP-Bridge does not fully reproduce the
serial commands of the K3. While initializing the K3 interface, hamlib
sends several requests to the K3 requesting information on what
version of the Elecraft serial protocol the radio supports. These
commands are ignored by LP-Bridge and hamlib assumes the serial
connection is broken.

* Windows: the "Grab keyboard" setting in the windows menu does not
work. Normally this setting is used when the bandmap window is open.
With grab keyboard enabled, you can click on the bandmap and still
have keyboard focus in the logging window. This does not work in
Windows. There is one workaround, which is to make the following
registry changes:

    HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Control Panel\Desktop 
    ForegroundFlashCount = REG_DWORD 0x00000003 
    ForegroundLockTimeout = REG_DWORD 0x00000000

After the changes you will need to log out or restart the
computer.

* Linux: soundcard SDR's may not start on certain systems with an
error "Audio device does not support stereo." A workaround is to use
the pasuspender utility to stop Pulseaudio. If starting the bandmap
from so2sdr, do this

            pasuspender -- so2sdr
   
    or if running so2sdr-bandmap separately,

            pasuspender -- so2sdr-bandmap


